README.md, before:

# Clock+
Clock+ is a simple alarm clock, timer, and stopwatch app that offers a delightful user experience
for all your timing needs.

Highlights:

- **Clean, minimalistic design:** Features Material Design throughout.
- **New time pickers:** Enjoy setting alarms with two new time pickers! Beautifully crafted and
intuitively designed for ease of use.
- **List of timers:** See all of your timers in one scrollable list, and control each one individually.
- **Themes:** Choose between light, dark, and black themes.

[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png"
      alt="Get it on Google Play"
      height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.emmanuelmess.clock2)
[<img src="https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png"
      alt="Get it on F-Droid"
      height="80">](https://f-droid.org/app/com.emmanuelmess.clock2)

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/19766085/19008497/830d2844-8720-11e6-8b8e-ff01ebcc26fe.png" width="200"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/19766085/19008498/8312eeaa-8720-11e6-9dc8-2079eb9c50f7.png" width="200"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/19766085/19008382/cc800614-871f-11e6-8fab-d1be69807e91.png"  width="200" />

## License
```
Copyright 2018 Emmanuel Messulam
Copyright 2017 Phillip Hsu

This file is part of ClockPlus.

ClockPlus is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

ClockPlus is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with ClockPlus.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

Commit message:

"ClockPlus" to "Material Clock (formerly ClockPlus)"

README.md, after:

# Clock+
Clock+ is a simple alarm clock, timer, and stopwatch app that offers a delightful user experience
for all your timing needs.

Highlights:

- **Clean, minimalistic design:** Features Material Design throughout.
- **New time pickers:** Enjoy setting alarms with two new time pickers! Beautifully crafted and
intuitively designed for ease of use.
- **List of timers:** See all of your timers in one scrollable list, and control each one individually.
- **Themes:** Choose between light, dark, and black themes.

[<img src="https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png"
      alt="Get it on Google Play"
      height="80">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.emmanuelmess.clock2)
[<img src="https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png"
      alt="Get it on F-Droid"
      height="80">](https://f-droid.org/app/com.emmanuelmess.clock2)

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/19766085/19008497/830d2844-8720-11e6-8b8e-ff01ebcc26fe.png" width="200"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/19766085/19008498/8312eeaa-8720-11e6-9dc8-2079eb9c50f7.png" width="200"/> <img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/19766085/19008382/cc800614-871f-11e6-8fab-d1be69807e91.png"  width="200" />

## License
```
Copyright 2018 Emmanuel Messulam
Copyright 2017 Phillip Hsu

This file is part of Material Clock (formerly ClockPlus).

Material Clock (formerly ClockPlus) is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Material Clock (formerly ClockPlus) is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Material Clock (formerly ClockPlus).  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```
